well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I guess today we're going to
talk about Phase two of the great heroic
epic of failure that is our response to
the current situation the President of
the United States seems very intent on
reopening quickly takes up no
responsibility for any of it but he
wants to encourage that that's what
matters that matters because the economy
is what he staked his reelection on and
he doesn't really care about his
citizens he cares about getting their
vote he said that Americans need to be
warriors about this and that just rubbed
me the wrong way to be honest I'm not
sure that I would take Donald Trump's
advice on what constitutes a warrior he
wants to charge ahead be brave I get it
I get it
half a league half a league half a
league onward right probably one of the
more popular references one of those
things is burned into our cultural
memory it would be worth noting that
that poem the charge of the Light
Brigade is actually about an unmitigated
failure you do not win wars
by rushing in without thinking that's
how you lose them
we're at the point now where we could
probably begin to slowly start to reopen
in a methodical safe slow observed
manner but that's not what is being
advocated really isn't because here we
have those projections and at this point
I'm convinced the President believes
that you know when you reach that number
that's when it's supposed to stop this
thing doesn't know it's not like it's
sitting there thinking oh I got a
hundred thousand I'm done it will
continue until we have an available safe
reliable effective treatment or vaccine
that's when it stops not before then
until then we're going to have to
maintain precautions it doesn't matter
how brave you want to make yourself it
doesn't matter how you want to portray
yourself to the media it doesn't matter
how much you whine and cry
that's what's gonna have to happen get
your mind around it those tolls he's
starting to publicly question them
saying that they seem inflated and of
course his media allies are willing to
indulge his paranoid delusions yeah
there were a couple of cases where
things were over counted the fact that
they were corrected and caught means
that they're looking for that there's a
whole bunch of people who were at home
when they went
we don't even know they're gone yet
that the odds are that the toll is
actually undercounted not over this is
going to go on and if we rush it and we
get out there and everybody goes back
we're not taking precautions it's going
to flare up again
right now we have interruptions in the
supply chain they're annoying they are
annoying that's what they are but
imagine if it's hitting multiple sectors
at once because we weren't taking
precautions well then it becomes
dangerous it's not annoying it's a
danger a warrior a leader would want to
make sure that doesn't happen because
that compounds everything it makes it
worse being a warrior is about
mitigating risk and generally it should
be noted that when you're acting in that
manner you're not fighting against the
people in front of you you're fighting
for the people behind you and it seems
at this point the Oval Office does not
care about those behind it doesn't care
about those on the bottom doesn't care
about us common folk us peons down here
we actually have to take the risk we
don't have a staff of people making sure
that everybody around us is tested and
their temperature is taking just have to
rush in right all into the valley of
death because we're expected to be
warriors for the stock market
lay down your life on the for the altar
of corporate profits I guess
we're going to reopen slowly governments
are notoriously slow to respond you you
individually have to keep an eye on
things you have to determine when you
feel it's safe and when it undoubtedly
is going to flare up again when you
think you need to react sir sighs those
extreme measures of staying home because
that's probably what's going to happen
we're gonna get flare-ups and the longer
we do this with half a measures we don't
get the testing we need we try to rush
it
the longer it's going to last the more
damaging it's going to be to the economy
you're going to have to lead yourself
here and I would take note it is a small
possibility you know we're talking 1 2
percent that there are significant
interruptions in the supply chain but
it's something that I would be aware of
and I would keep keep an eye on because
if that happens it could get real bad
real quick anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night